What's iterative deepening?
>> Let's go back to our problem
of making our computer respond to
an opponent in two seconds or less.
Before, we calculated the maximum depth
we thought we could search in time
safely.
With iterative deepening,
we are going to do something simpler.
We are going to search the Level 1 and
get an answer for
what we think is the best move.
We'll keep that answer in
case we run out of time.
But we'll start the process again and
go to Level 2 this time.
If we finish searching Level
2 before time runs out,
we'll keep its best move and restart
the search from going from Level 3.
We'll continue doing this process
until we run out of time and
then return our best answer.
>> So
you're saying we should do the same
thing we did to determine quiescence?
>> Basically quiescence
is a good side effect.
>> But
that still doesn't answer my question.
Isn't this process inefficient?
>> Surprisingly, iterative deepening
doesn't waste that much time.
Because of the exponential
nature of the problem
the amount of time is dominated
by the last level searched.